After a good start to the season you take
at lask now even the first time the words
master title and bundesliga again
rise in the mouth of the current
Whether it's for the newcomer
linz actually continue to go up
can today be called fc delivery against the
current table leader has the lask
another bill from the relegation
open dennis backovsky was in linz
Pictures from june 2013
the frustration with the lask windows at that time
deep as the young bulls from salzburg
made sure that the
Upper Austrians another season
third class stay what coach karl
daxbacher and five players of today
startelf were already there
There is no need for motivation today
more
48 gates has ships of the last 21
play scores and hides
as expected, not in the running duel with
kerschbaumer by train in last before
for the first time in less than ten minutes
the table guide seasonal
have been playing unbeaten for ten years
perez the brazilian
Dobel it by train martin rosner and
again defeated lask Schlussmann
first really good action
salzburger offensive as well as from
kawakawa the recipe of the lask against the
Lieferinger presserat fast
combination game and that works with
continuation of the game getting better and better
markus blood and this chance of the u19
Team players should follow a few more
december again dangerous over the
wing again blood janowicz and tomatina
to get good reflex from kretlow after 33
minutes of the lask now very clear
think
rarely the relief attacks of the
to pick boys
golicic goalkeeper by rail way with it
and whenever the lask over the
outside tracks comes the dangerous kugler
to find right and left
the defender next good
possibility for the hosts
rihanna gets blood for markus this time
pain there the pliers are not taken
elfmeter decides umpire
dintar and is not enough for one
strafstoß
the guests can hardly free themselves
38 minutes to fabiano and that is
the break is still 0 0 is the
Lieferinger view this man too
owe
fabian pritzel 30 seconds is the
second half old fabiano and there is
Daniel Kogler left alone
wiesinger what makes kogler meet 1 0
absolutely deserves for the lask and kogler
so that the first linzer player of the
second time this season
hit next hit by
daniel kogler does not just cross
also good on julia novecento far and
Season's number two so far only
a minute later than sebastian trains
Halilovic drives in and there is
how to scour your defender 20 51
minute the 24 year old american
crowned his good performance with this
gate
more precisely you can not meet the
replies the fc Liefering david at the
top scorer and animal decides
referee serves on swallow and
the five-time season goalscorer already
yellow preloaded must from the place
it stays with the 2 0 of the lask and the
first season defeat of the fc
Maybe they are too much
been praised
and there must be my on the
get cover that's what happened
but that's part of learning and doing it
will we manage together already we
have offered a top performance
We again very much confessed many
played out
So you just have to join the team
congratulates the ramifications of relegation
is thus finally eradicated the lask
packed strong salzburger young bulls
the horns and finish the success series
of the fc delivery